just some breaking news now Israeli
forces are asking Palestinians to move
out of the eastern part of Rafa in
southern Gaza ahead of a threatened
assault then being asked to move to Al
maasi area close to the coastline more
than 1 and a half million people have
been Sheltering in Rafa after Israeli
Army forced them out of Northern and
Central
Gaza Let's cross now to Han mmud who
joins us from Rafa in Southern Gaza
honey what more can you tell
us yes well uh within the past couple
days and know with what seems to be the
failure of the the ceasefire talks in
Cairo and the uh insistence of the
Israeli Prime Minister on expanding the
ground Invasion to RAF City and in light
of the the attacks yesterday on Karm
abalam and this really intense response
and in fact in overnight they attacked
almost 11
air raid targeted several areas in in
eastern part of RA city which seems to
be the targeted area right now in which
the local residents of this part of the
of RAF city has been ordered by the
Israeli military to evacuate sharply and
immediately to the western part of City
New York as the evacuation Zone Al maasi
that has been designated previously by
the Israeli military as a safe zone now
it's important to point out that so far
all the evacuation Zone designated by
Israeli military has has not been
largely safe for evacuates for the
displaced family in fact they have been
under attack they were attacked
repeatedly either at the western part of
panun or here in ra City where at least
1.5 million people have been Sheltering
across the overcrowded ra City and
thousands of displaced families in the
western part of the city Al Mai
evacuation on stretches from the western
part of city on the ca Road passing
through KH unit all the way to ra near
the Egyptian Gaza border this is another
order by the Israeli military to
evacuate people started to move now it's
also uh worth pointing out that in the
past couple days people have started
moving on their own because they were
expecting the ceasefire talk were not
going to uh make any progress so they
started they packed up their stuff and
start moving but not necessarily to the
evacuation Zone because the mistrust in
believing the in in the Israeli
narrative is so huge right now people
Rec called in told to evacuate to these
areas whether they're their relative
members or family members or somebody
some people that they know they were
killed inside these evacuation zone so
some people took a different route went
to different areas seeking shelters as
you say I mean throughout this war on
Gaza there haven't been any so-called
safe areas at all so what is the mood
there on the ground then to this
news very very distressed quite there is
a state of panic right now as I arrived
to the site where I'm where we're
reporting it from most of the time for
the past month about this ongoing War
people
are clearly panicking they're they're
asking questions about where exactly is
the safe Zone when in fact they had
someone that they knew or a family
member was killed in in that particular
uh area uh whether it's in in ra or the
the southern part of the city of kanun
or even the Central Area more recently
uh safe zone is is quite misleading is
quite contradictory and largely uh vague
the israelian military hasn't been quite
clear and honest about the about
designating these areas for for evacu
and displ family to move on people here
are frustrated they're angry and they
they say that you can't you can't have a
a safe Zone in a war zone this war has
been raging for the past seven months it
has destroyed all means of Life all
Social Services facilities it turned
Gaza into a A Wasteland the only place
that is left for people that that they
can stay in while not safe 100% is RA
the L Refuge for all displaced families
is now under attack and people have
ordered to move to Western part of the
city the see it is a move by this to
cage them in in one area one person just
within the past couple minutes he said I
could hear that clearly walking into the
side but he said they putting us all in
this
concentration camp at the western part
of the city right now honey mmud for now
thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get latest news from Al jazer